i spent 500 000 in tv ads to promote my
own ad agency and this is what happened
i've been doing marketing for over 20
years and honestly i always thought that
tv ads suck
who likes being interrupted by ads when
you're watching your favorite tv show or
movie right i don't as a marketer i
always thought that this form of
interruption advertising isn't really
relevant and had its days counted
i'm an enthusiast of digital channels
because you can actually measure
everything to the t you can see what the
traffic source is how much sales it's
generating what's cheaper what's better
what's more expensive what's more
effective it gives you all that data
even with seo i know that you can't
really tell google which keywords it
should rank your website for you can try
to suggest them to google but at the end
of the day it's up to them but at least
you know what you're creating content on
and the certain topics that google loves
and what you can do to rank higher so
that way you can get a huge roi and not
pay for the traffic if you're struggling
with that aspect check out uber says by
the way but with tv you're left in the
dark you don't know how many visitors
that are coming to your website from
that channel and you can use tools like
tatari they're better than nothing but
it's still not perfect and you don't
know how many conversions and sales it's
generating
in 2021 i decided to bet against the
odds here's what i thought if everyone
is slowly leaving tv advertising and
going digital tv ads are probably
getting less competitive and cheaper
i thought that this was a form of
advertising that's most likely
underpriced that you can still get lots
of attention for because during covid
what was everyone doing they're at home
so i've always reinvested all the money
i make to put it in areas that i think
will help grow my business the most
if that makes money then you double down
on it again
so i decided to take some of the money
that we're making and put that money
into ads specifically on tv ads
during this time frame i spent 500 000
on tv ads and here are the results
so first off i started putting my ads on
stock channels our clients at our ad
agency np digital are big large
companies like the fortune 100 or
fortune 50 fortune 500 you get it
publicly traded companies ideally not
companies that are worth 500 million or
even a billion i'm talking about
companies that are worth 10 billion 20
billion 50 billion now we do also have
smallmouth and pops because we have a
smb division called npxl but i wanted to
target really big businesses all these
businesses have stocks all the
executives at these companies who are
decision makers what do they get
compensated in
stock so what do they watch in the
background and all these offices
cnbc and bloomberg and all the stock
channels so we decided to put our ads on
all these stock channels at first we did
a 100 grand test run and we didn't get
any sales but a lot of people texted me
saying i saw your ads oh cool
and then i even got my parents friends
to text my parents technically i didn't
get them they just did and like oh we
saw your son on tv my parents were like
oh this is amazing you're successful tv
ads doesn't really mean you're
successful just means you spent money
even then didn't generate any return
then what i do i spent another hundred
thousand and i kept going until five
hundred thousand
and here's what i learned website
traffic not much
branding we got a lot more people typing
in our brand leads not a ton of
qualified leads but we got a few
but you know what it did it brought more
legitimacy to my ad agency we're already
big we were on the inc 500 listing we're
the 21st fastest glowing company wasn't
top 10 so i wasn't really impressed 21
is only a good number if you're playing
blackjack
but we digress and what i ended up
learning from that process was a lot of
other companies were like yeah we knew
about you but we thought you guys were
small even though at that time we had
roughly 640 employees globally and we're
growing at a rapid pace more than 50 a
year
and we're just like no we're growing
fast we got tons of awards we won
performance marketing agency of the year
and we got all these awards and we
showed some of that in our tv
commercials but you know what happened
these bigger companies like yeah we
already knew about you but we thought
you were small we now realize that you
guys are bigger so we're now open to
potentially hiring you that's what it
helped it didn't help generate new
awareness it didn't help generate more
leads it got the people that already
knew about this that were on the fence
to go over and include us in their rfp
rfp stands for request for proposal so
that we got more big companies saying
hey we'll consider you doing our
marketing doesn't mean you got it you
can try to get it and if we like you out
of the other 10 15 companies that apply
maybe you'll get it so do i think i
would do this all over again yes more so
would i do this all over again yes
would i do this on a regular basis no
there wasn't a huge roi but it's good to
just get you on the map and maybe do
other trickle effects or other versions
of it like now we're starting to
advertise in some of the big marketing
and advertising sites that cmos read
probably won't generate a huge roi but
i'm hoping it creates the same effect